Irene was forecast to pass over or near the Turks and Caicos Islands and the southeastern Bahamas by Tuesday night and be near the central Bahamas early Wednesday.
Authorities in Palm Beach County directed staffers to stop routine operations today and switch to storm preparations, including checks on generators and communications equipment.
Irene was expected to become a Category 4 hurricane by Thursday as it passes over the northwestern Bahamas en route to the eastern U.S. coast, said the U.S. National Hurricane Center in Miami, Florida.
Over the weekend, Harvey made landfall in Belize and is moving into Mexico today.
In the Bahamian capital of Nassau, Henry Vera, of Long Island, New York, said the approaching hurricane will not cause him to cut his vacation short in Cable Beach, where he and his girlfriend are booked at a hotel until Sunday.
(Credit: NASA/NOAA GOES Project)The Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission (TRMM) satellite passed over Irene when it was a tropical storm on August 21, 2011 at 0024 UTC (8:24 p.m. EDT August 20).
The 100 tourists who booked an ocean-view room at a Puerto Plata resort were moved to another building on Monday for their safety, said Medardo Carrera, manager for VH Gran Ventana Beach Resort, and the hotel ordered its 450 guests to stay inside their rooms Monday night.
In Puerto Rico, 600 crews spread out across the island to repair toppled light poles, and the majority of customers were expected to have power by late Monday, power company spokesman Carlos Monroig said.
By Monday evening, Irene was centered about 130 miles (210 kms) east of Puerto Plata in the Dominican Republic with maximum sustained winds of 100 mph (155 kph).
NASA's Terra satellite captured a visible image of Hurricane Irene's eye directly over Crooked Island in the southern Bahamas on Aug. 24, 2011 at 12:15 p.m. EDT.
Loud wind howled along the shore line as Hurricane Irene moved through Nags Head, N.C. on Aug. 27, 2011.
Rain and wind from Hurricane Irene hit Kill Devil Hills, N.C. on Aug. 27, 2011.	Kill Devil Hills N.C.
The five main New York City-area airports will be closed to arriving flights beginning at noon on Saturday, aviation officials said.
A resident looks out over the beach during Hurricane Irene August 27, 2011 in Kill Devil Hills, North Carolina.
A person makes their way in the rain in Times Square in New York August 28, 2011 as Hurricane Irene hits the city and Tri State area with rain and high winds.
