There is also a complete technical summary of the storm available Hurricane Katrina developed initially as a tropical depression (TD #12 of the season) in the southeastern Bahamas on August 23rd.
Power was lost to 1.3 million customers in southeastern Florida from the initial landfall on August 24th.
A mid-level ridge centered over Texas weakened and moved westward allowing Katrina to gradually turn to the northwest and then north into the weakness in the ridging over the days that followed.
A few hours before landfall in south Florida at around 6.30 EDT on August 25th, Katrina strengthened to become a category 1 (windspeeds of 75mph or greater) hurricane.
Louisiana Gov. Kathleen Blanco ordered the evacuation of the Superdome Wednesday morning.
As of today, Lake Pontchartrain level has stabilized.
Continuing to strengthen and move northwards during the next 48 hours, Katrina reached maximum windspeeds on the morning of Sunday August 28th of over 170 mph (150 kts, category 5), and its minimum central pressure dropped that afternoon to 902 mb - the 4th lowest on record for an Atlantic storm.
For New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu, such eyesores are a lingering distraction from the enormous rebuilding effort that has followed since the day the levees broke under Katrina's fury on Aug. 29, 2005.
Hurricane Katrina made landfall in Louisiana on August 29, 2005.
NOAA's Climate Reference Network Station in Newton, MS (60 miles east of Jackson, MS) measured rainfall rates of over an inch an hour for 3 consecutive hours, with rates of over 0.5 in/hr for 5 hours during August 29th.
(AP Photo/NOAA, File)In this Aug. 30, 2005 photo, floodwaters from Hurricane Katrina pour through a levee along Inner Harbor Navigational Canal near downtown New Orleans, La., a day after Katrina passed through the city.
Both of New Orleans' airports were flooded and closed on August 30th and bridges of Interstate 10 leading east out of the city were destroyed.
At least 80% of New Orleans was under flood water on August 31st, largely as a result of levee failures from Lake Pontchartrain.
(Click NOAA image for larger view of Grand Isle, La., taken on Aug. 31, 2005, two days after Hurricane Katrina struck the U.S. Gulf Coast.
