President Barack Obama's re-election campaign announced that Vice President Joe Biden had also canceled a trip to Virginia Beach scheduled for Saturday.
JFK airport in New York and Newark airport in New Jersey expect to resume flights on Wednesday morning and the New York Stock Exchange commenced trading after being closed for two days.
The US death toll from Hurricane Sandy rose to at least 85 as New York reported a major jump in fatalities caused by Monday's storm.
With the death toll currently at 55 and millions of homes and businesses without power, the US east coast is attempting to recover from the affects of floods, fires and power outages brought on by Hurricane Sandy.
"We are currently rolling our catastrophe personnel, mobile claim centers and catastrophe response vehicles to Raleigh, N.C., for staging," she says.	Raleigh N.C.
4:08 PM EDT: New York City Mayor Bloomberg is updating residents in a live press conference right now.
A wind advisory — meaning stiff winds could cause power blackouts and minor structural damage — goes into effect for the Richmond area at 8 a.m. today.
October 25, 2012 - Hurricane Sandy makes landfall in southeastern Cuba as a Category 2 hurricane with 105 mph winds.
“Our historic grassroots organization is running at full speed in Florida and Eastern battleground states to persuade undecided voters and get our supporters out to the polls between now and Election Day,” said Obama spokesman Adam Fetcher.
Still, there were signs that New York was flickering back to life and wasn't as isolated as it was a day earlier.
Meanwhile, in South Florida Sunday, several areas continued to experience flooding from Hurricane Sandy Sunday.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews)Sea water floods the entrance to the Brooklyn Battery Tunnel, Monday, Oct. 29, 2012, in New York.
Much of New York was plunged into darkness Monday by a superstorm that overflowed the city's historic waterfront, flooded the financial district and subway tunnels and cut power to nearly a million people.
Two days after Superstorm Sandy rampaged across the Northeast, killing at least 72 people, New York struggled Wednesday to find its way.
Damage is viewed in the Rockaway neighborhood where the historic boardwalk was washed away during Hurricane Sandy on Oct. 31, 2012 in the Queens borough of New York City.
People wait in line for fuel at a Shell Oil station on Nov. 1, 2012 in Fort Lee, New Jersey.
(AP Photo/Richard Drew)The National Guard 827th Engineer Company helps hand out MREs to Lower Manhattan residents at the Alfred Smith Playground on Friday Nov. 2, 2012.
(AP Photo/Jessica Hill, File)Meg Dolan holds her dog "Nellie" during Sunday mass at St. Thomas More Catholic Church in Breezy Point, in the wake of Superstorm Sandy, Sunday, Nov. 4, 2012, in New York.
